
Happy Coding Fellas !
When the Hacktoberfest20 comes to an end , I will be distributing some free Open Source t-shirts to a few contributors
What is Hacktoberfest ?
Hacktoberfest is a month-long celebration of open source software in partnership with Github .

Hacktoberfest-2020
A repository for beginners to create their first Pull Request.

PRs made directly to contributors list without adding any useful Resource / Project / Solving Issues will be marked as invalid/spam .
Just fork this repo, star it, clone it and add then click on issue to solve it and create PR.
Join the Community of Developer and students An EYE , to join just ping me Here or comment to join the Org here
Steps to Create your first PR and get Official Hacktoberfest merchandise for free.
Step 0: Create a Github account for free here.
Step 1: Register at Hactoberfest-2020 using your github id.
Step 2: Star this repo and share it with your friends.
Stack that is welcome for PRs


Step 3: Make a new branch other than master using git checkout -b branch_name
Just open "this folder" and include the link of good developer resources and also have a look at the existing resources that you think are useful for you and keep exploring and after you add once you add a resource or fix any bug or issue then add yourname and github profile link to the contributors list
OR
Step 3: Add mini projects on DSA or some projects or problems you have tried but try not to repeat them Here or add any good projects that are beginners friendly Here
PRs made directly to contributors list without adding any useful Resource / Project / Solving Issues will be marked as invalid/spam .
Please just don't do it just for the heck of a T-shirt do it to learn and get experience on how to make a PR !!!!!!!
Don't worry newcomers!! Make this your first step to development and open source. Get the confidence you require!!
And Do give it a Star and Follow me on GitHub !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All of your suggestions are welcome!!

Other Swags Opportunities and a list of Orgs giving swags.
By	What	How	Details
DigitalOcean	Shirt Stickers	Four pull requests to any public repo on GitHub.	hacktoberfest.com (Verified 2020)
Adobe / Magento	Shirt	Submit 5 pull requests to https://github.com/adobe or https://github.com/magento	Details and Blog
Appwrite	Stickers Swag Shirt	Create one or more merged pull requests to any Appwrite repository (https://github.com/appwrite). Stickers, Magnets, Buttons, and T-shirts	
Aqua Security	Stickers Swag Shirt	1 Contribution: OSS superhero sticker pack, 3 Contributions: OSS superhero sticker pack and a special edition Aqua Hacktoberfest t-shirt, 5 Contributions: all of the above and the "Kubernetes Security" book, co-authored by Liz Rice, VP Open Source Engineering	Details
Circle CI	Shirt Stickers	1 to 3 pull requests: Limited-Edition Sticker. 4+ pull requests: Limited-Edition T-shirt	Details
Devfolio	Shirt Stickers	4 or more pull requests: Limited-Edition Sticker, If your PRs turn out to be exceptional: Limited-Edition T-shirt	Details
Flutterwave.com	Shirt	2 or more pull requests to any of the projects from https://developer.flutterwave.com/docs/plugins : Limited-Edition T-shirt	Details
Gatsby	Swag	"1 PR: Level 1 swag; 5 PRs: Level 2 swag"	Details
Globo.com	Shirt	"1 merged PR: 👕". Any repo on Globo.com	Details
Hasura	Shirt Stickers	"Make a PR to The Hasura GraphQL Engine or The GraphQL Tutorial Series. 2 hacktoberfest PRs for a 👕."	Details
JabRef	Shirt Stickers	1 merged pull request: sticker, 5 merged pull requests: 👕. Any repo on https://github.com/jabref/.	Details
Jenkins	Swag Shirt Stickers	PR to any repositories under featured repositories. The PR must be at least raised in October 2020 and you should not be inactive for seven days or more during code review. Guaranteed Swag for Top 20 contributors, and rest is to be decided. Check the announcement on the blog.	Details
Kong	Shirt	"If your Pull Request to Kong/kong was accepted, and it fixes a bug, adds functionality, or makes it significantly easier to use or understand Kong, congratulations! You are eligible to receive the very special Contributor T-shirt! Go ahead and fill out the Contributors Submissions form."	Details
LadybugTools	Stickers	1 or more pull request	Details
lakeFS	Shirt Stickers	"1 PR on our GitHub repo for a collection of stickers, 2 or more gets stickers and a lakeFS t-shirt 👕"	Details
LBRY	Shirt	"A sweet LBRY sticker for 1 PR, T-shirt for a Good PR and 10,000 LBC for first PR of this month"	Details
Les-Tilleuls.coop	Shirt	"To win a t-shirt, make 3 pull requests on API Platform's GitHub repositories by October 31st, and then fill in this form ."	Details
MayaData	Shirt Stickers Laptop	"anyone who submits a pull request to one of our github repos" gets a 👕, BEST PR gets a 💻	Details
Operation Code	Shirt Stickers	"Resolve 3 issues and receive a white or black t-shirt! Merge 2 pull requests and receive stickers!"	Details
Opsdroid	Stickers	"Solve issues or improve documentation. 5–10 contributions is probably sticker worthy"	Details
Parity	Gym Bag	anyone who makes a significant contribution is eligible for a limited edition gym bag	Details
QMK	Shirt	Interact 4 times with a QMK repo OR donate $15 to cKeys	Details
SAP	Swag	"a book from sap press for the user who create more pull requests in the ABAP Projects"	Details
Sense/Net	Shirt	"The first 100 participants who make a pull request"	Details
Twilio	StickersSwag	One PR gets you a collection of stickers, 2 or more gets stickers and a pair of Twilio socks	Details
Umbraco	Shirt Swag	"you’ll need to have at least 1 PR approved on any Umbraco repository"	Details
Uno	Shirt Swag	"anyone who contributes a pull request to the Uno Platform on GitHub between October 1 and October 31 will receive a Uno Platform T-shirt plus some limited edition swag."	Details
Valor	Stickers Swag	1 PR: pen and sticker. 3 PRs: notepad or wooden phone stand. 5 PRs: pen, sticker, notepad, and a wooden phone stand.	Details
Xamarin	Shirt Stickers Swag	1 pull request for the stickers, 4 pull requests for a T-shirt, 10 pull requests to be eligible to win a trophy.	Details
Devdojo	Shirt Stickers Swag	3 pull request for t T-shirt	Details
List of Hacktoberfest events
You can also Contribute Open Source projects or peice of codes from list below :
You can add references to some cool open source projects below aswell.

1. Zulip -
Zulip is 100% open source software, built by a vibrant community of hundreds of developers from all around the world.

2. FOSSASIA -
Developing Open Source Software and Hardware to improve people's lives.

3. MOZILLA -
This technology could fall into the right hands. Mozilla has 30 repositories available. Follow their code on GitHub.

4. Free code camp -
Learn to code for free with millions of other people around the world.

5. Data Structures And Algorithms Hacktoberfest18 -
List of Data Structures and Algorithms

6. Habitica -
App that lets users gamify real-life choices and activity with in-app rewards .

Learn to code for free with millions of other people around the world.

7. REACT -
A declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user interfaces. Plenty resource to learn. (official)

8. ELECTRON -
Build cross-platform desktop apps with JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. Plenty Resource to learn and contribute. (official)

9. Killed by Google -
A tribute and log of beloved products and services killed by Google. This is a fun open source project that encourages contributors for Hacktoberfest!

10. issuehub.io -
A website which helps you find projects/issues based on your required/preffered language or issue labels.

11. Code Triage -
Another useful tool for searching issues to fix.

12. Up For Grabs - 
List of projects with issues that can be resolved by beginners.

13. First Timers Only -
A list of issues that are labelled “first-timers-only”.

14. Awesome First Timers PR -
A list of awesome beginners-friendly projects.

15. Tensor Flow -
TensorFlow is an open-source software library for dataflow programming across a range of tasks. It is a symbolic math library, and is also used for machine learning applications such as neural networks.

16. Kubernetes -
An open source container system for automating deployment, scaling and management of containers application.

17. DuckDuckGo -
DuckDuckGo is a privacy-conscious search engine that doesn't track users. Instant Answers is a feature that provides answers without needing to open up a website..

18. Polymer -
An open-source JavaScript library for creating web components which are then used to build web pages and apps, Polymer is currently being developed by Google developers and contributors on GitHub. Central to a wide range of Google services and websites, including YouTube, Google Earth and Google Sites, Polymer received an update in January (Polymer 2.4) which is paving the way for 3.0 and TypeScript support.

19. Blender -
Blender is the free and open source 3D creation suite. It supports the entirety of the 3D pipeline—modeling, rigging, animation, simulation, rendering, compositing and motion tracking, even video editing and game creation.

20. sagemath -
SageMath is a computer algebra system with features covering many aspects of mathematics, including algebra, combinatorics, graph theory, numerical analysis, number theory, calculus and statistics. It's built on top of many existing open-source packages: NumPy, SciPy, matplotlib, Sympy, Maxima, GAP, FLINT, R and many more.

21. Material Ocean
Material Ocean is a theme for various Applications based on a blueish ocean color scheme.

22. Ruby on Sinatra Starter App
A starter project for Ruby On Sinatra web app projects to introduce programmers to Ruby programming. Link to Live Application HERE

23. coala
Coala is a package that provides linting and code-fixing in a single config file, irrespective of language. It’s beginner-friendly community. Documentation is well written, issues are properly tagged with ‘easy’, ‘newcomer’, or ‘hard’.

24. Google Developers Group Philippines
Google Developer Group (GDG) Philippines is a group of enthusiastic Filipino developers interested to collaborate and learn more about new technologies.

GDG Philippines is an independent group hence our activities and the opinions expressed on this Page should in no way be linked to Google, the corporation.

25. Linux Kernel -
Jenkins X is an open source, opinionated way to do continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) on Kubernetes. As such, it provides a modern, best practices approach to CI/CD for cloud native applications.Jenkins X aids developers in provisioning Kubernetes clusters, automates CI/CD, provides different virtual environments for development, staging, and production using Kubernetes namespaces, and provides preview environments for pull requests.

26. Workshop Riset Informatika -
Community that aims to develop student's creativity in the fields of science and technology. This community was created by the Malang State Polytechnic and all material provided could be implemented by the general public.

27. Signal -
Signal uses standard cellular telephone numbers as identifiers and uses end-to-end encryption to secure all communications to other Signal users. The apps include mechanisms by which users can independently verify the identity of their contacts and the integrity of the data channel.

28. GNU/Linux User's Group, Durgapur -
GNU/Linux User's Group, NIT Durgapur is a group of enthusiastic open source developers interested to collaborate and learn more about new technologies.

29. WhatsApp -
WhatsApp is a cross-platform instant messaging and voice calling application for smartphones. In addition to text messaging, users can send images, videos, and PDF documents, as well as download for free from an Internet connection.

30. Red Hat Software -
Red Hat, Inc. is an American multinational software company providing open-source software products to the enterprise community.

31. If me
Open source mental health communication communit

32. Open Source Software Institute
The Open Source Software Institute is a U.S.-based 501, non-profit organization whose mission is to promote the development and implementation of open-source software solutions within US Federal, state and municipal government agencies.

33. Uber Open Source
The Open Source Software created by Uber

34. Plotly Graphing Library
The plotly Python library is an interactive, open-source plotting library that supports over 40 unique chart types covering a wide range of statistical, financial, geographic, scientific, and 3-dimensional

35. Spotify Android SDK
The Spotify Android SDK allows your application to interact with the Spotify app service. The capabilities of this SDK includes authentication and getting metadata for the currently playing track and context, issuing playback commands and initiating playback of tracks, albums or playlists.

36. Python Programming language
Python is powerful... and fast; plays well with others; runs everywhere; is friendly & easy to learn; is Open.

37. Software Package Data Exchange
Software Package Data Exchange® (SPDX®) is an open standard for communicating software bill of material information (including components, licenses, copyrights, and security references).

38. Systers
Systers provides a private, safe online forum for women involved in technical aspects of computing. Our members gain support by networking, sharing advice and experiences, and collaborating on various projects. We welcome women of all ages and at any stage of their studies or careers.

39. Read the Docs
Read the Docs simplifies software documentation by automating building, versioning, and hosting of your docs for you.

40. KDE e.V.
KDE e.V. is a registered non-profit organization that represents the KDE community in the legal and financial entities. The association supports KDE’s work in cash, hardware, and other donations, and then the use of donations to help the KDE development, but not influence on development

41. WildFly (JBoss)
WildFly is a Java EE 8 certified application server. The word "application server" has been coined in relation to Java Enterprise application; you can think of it as it’s a piece of Java software where your application can be provisioned using the services provided by the application server. WildFly simplifies the development of Enterprise applications by providing a list of services out of the box.

42. MkDocs
MkDocs is a fast, simple and downright gorgeous static site generator that's geared towards building project documentation. A hardware company called Seeed created a Wiki to document all of their boards, and so I created a Wiki page for TinyCircuits to document all of our boards too! This platform is great for any documentation needs, and I'm looking forward to hopefully creating/contributing a dark mode for it someday.

42. Google Machine Learning Crash Course
Free online machine learning course created by google with cool projects.

43. Joomla
Joomla! is an award-winning content management system (CMS), which enables you to build web sites and powerful online applications.

44. OpenSauced
Get OpenSauced! Open Sauced provides structured onboarding for new contributors to open source. A project to identify your next open source contribution.

45. Flutter
Flutter is Google’s UI toolkit for building beautiful, natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop from a single codebase.

When the Hacktoberfest20 comes to an end , I will be distributing some free Open Source t-shirts to a few contributors
More Hacktoberfest issues
PRs made directly to contributors list without adding any useful Resource / Project / Solving Issues will be marked as invalid/spam .
